[GSProcessing] Add support for bucket transformations (#583)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/gs-processing/developer/input-configuration.rst

      - ``separator`` (String, optional): Same as for ``no-op`` transformation, used to separate numerical
        values in CSV input. If the input data are in Parquet format, each value in the
        column is assumed to be an array of floats.
-  ``bucket-numerical``

>    -  Transforms a numerical column with bucket normalization using a missing data imputer
>       and an optional normalizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Transforms a numerical column to a one-hot or multi-hot bucket representation, using bucketization.
       Also supports optional missing value imputation through the `imputer` kwarg.```

   -  ``kwargs``:

      - ``imputer`` (String, optional): A method to fill in missing values in the data.
        Valid values are:
        ``none`` (Default), ``mean``, ``median``, and ``most_frequent``. Missing values will be replaced
        with the respective value computed from the data.

>       - ``range`` (List[float], required), The range only defines the start and end point with ``[a, b]``. It should be
>         a list of two integers. For example, the ``[10, 30]`` should define the start point of 10 and end point
>         with 30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - ``range`` (List[float], required), The range defines the start and end point of the buckets with ``[a, b]``. It should be
        a list of two floats. For example, ``[10, 30]`` defines a bucketing range between 10 and 30.
```

      - ``bucket_cnt`` (Integer, required), The count of bucket lists used in the bucket feature transform. GSProcessing
        calculates the size of each bucket as  ``( b - a ) / c`` , and encodes each numeric value as the number
        of whatever bucket it falls into. Any value less than a is considered to belong in the first bucket,
        and any value greater than b is considered to belong in the last bucket.

>       - ``slide_window_size``(Integer, optional), slide_window_size is to make numeric values fall into more than one bucket,
>         by specifying a slide-window size ``s``, where s can an integer or float, GSProcessing then transforms each
>         numeric value ``v`` of the property into a range from ``v - s/2`` through ``v + s/2`` , and assigns the value v
>         to every bucket that the range covers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - ``slide_window_size`` (Integer, optional), slide_window_size can be used to make numeric values fall into more than one bucket,
        by specifying a slide-window size ``s``, where ``s`` can an integer or float. GSProcessing then transforms each
        numeric value ``v`` of the property into a range from ``v - s/2`` through ``v + s/2`` , and assigns the value v
        to every bucket that the range covers.
```
